Updates contribution scores info and screenshots in risk scoring docs (#5071)
elastic/security-docs: docs/getting-started/users-page.asciidoc

The risk summary table shows the category, score, and number of risk inputs that determine the user risk score. Hover over the table to display the **Inspect** button, which allows you to inspect the table's queries.

To expand the **User risk summary** section, click **View risk contributions**. The left panel displays additional details about the user's risk inputs:

* The asset criticality level and contribution score from the latest risk scoring calculation.

> * The top 10 alerts that contributed to the latest risk scoring calculation, and each alert's contribution score.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The top 10 alerts that contributed to the latest risk score, and each alert's contribution score.
```

Author: I feel that "risk scoring calculation" is a bit more precise here, so I'd prefer to leave it as is.

> If more than 10 alerts contributed to the risk scoring calculation, the remaining alerts' aggregated contribution score is displayed below the **Alerts** table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If more than 10 alerts contributed to the risk score, the remaining alerts' aggregate contribution score is displayed below the **Alerts** table.
```
